---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "coralogix_alerts_scheduler Data Source - terraform-provider-coralogix"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Coralogix alerts-scheduler.
---

# coralogix_alerts_scheduler (Data Source)

Coralogix alerts-scheduler.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Alert Scheduler ID.

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) Alert Scheduler description.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Alert Scheduler enabled. If set to `false`, the alert scheduler will be disabled. True by default.
- `filter` (Attributes) Alert Scheduler filter. Only one of `meta_labels` or `alerts_unique_ids` can be set. If none of them set, all alerts will be affected. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter))
- `meta_labels` (Attributes Set) Alert Scheduler meta labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--meta_labels))
- `name` (String) Alert Scheduler name.
- `schedule` (Attributes) Exactly one of `one_time` or `recurring` must be set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule))

<a id="nestedatt--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Read-Only:

- `alerts_unique_ids` (Set of String)
- `meta_labels` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter--meta_labels))
- `what_expression` (String) DataPrime query expression. - [DataPrime query language](https://coralogix.com/docs/dataprime-query-language/).

<a id="nestedatt--filter--meta_labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter.meta_labels`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--meta_labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `meta_labels`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule`

Read-Only:

- `one_time` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule--one_time))
- `operation` (String) The operation to perform. Can be `mute` or `active`.
- `recurring` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule--recurring))

<a id="nestedatt--schedule--one_time"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule.one_time`

Read-Only:

- `time_frame` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule--one_time--time_frame))

<a id="nestedatt--schedule--one_time--time_frame"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule.one_time.time_frame`

Read-Only:

- `duration` (Attributes) The duration from the start time to wait. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule--one_time--time_frame--duration))
- `end_time` (String) The end time of the time frame. In a isodate format. For example, `2021-01-01T00:00:00.000`.
- `start_time` (String)
- `time_zone` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--schedule--one_time--time_frame--duration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule.one_time.time_frame.duration`

Read-Only:

- `for_over` (Number) The number of time units to wait before the alert is triggered. For example, if the frequency is set to `hours` and the value is set to `2`, the alert will be triggered after 2 hours.
- `frequency` (String) The time unit to wait before the alert is triggered. Can be `minutes`, `hours` or `days`.




<a id="nestedatt--schedule--recurring"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule.recurring`

Read-Only:

- `dynamic` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule--recurring--dynamic))

<a id="nestedatt--schedule--recurring--dynamic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule.recurring.dynamic`

Read-Only:

- `frequency` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule--recurring--dynamic--frequency))
- `repeat_every` (Number)
- `termination_date` (String)
- `time_frame` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule--recurring--dynamic--time_frame))

<a id="nestedatt--schedule--recurring--dynamic--frequency"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule.recurring.dynamic.frequency`

Read-Only:

- `daily` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule--recurring--dynamic--frequency--daily))
- `monthly` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule--recurring--dynamic--frequency--monthly))
- `weekly` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule--recurring--dynamic--frequency--weekly))

<a id="nestedatt--schedule--recurring--dynamic--frequency--daily"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule.recurring.dynamic.frequency.daily`


<a id="nestedatt--schedule--recurring--dynamic--frequency--monthly"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule.recurring.dynamic.frequency.monthly`

Read-Only:

- `days` (Set of Number)


<a id="nestedatt--schedule--recurring--dynamic--frequency--weekly"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule.recurring.dynamic.frequency.weekly`

Read-Only:

- `days` (Set of String)



<a id="nestedatt--schedule--recurring--dynamic--time_frame"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule.recurring.dynamic.time_frame`

Read-Only:

- `duration` (Attributes) The duration from the start time to wait. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule--recurring--dynamic--time_frame--duration))
- `end_time` (String) The end time of the time frame. In a isodate format. For example, `2021-01-01T00:00:00.000`.
- `start_time` (String)
- `time_zone` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--schedule--recurring--dynamic--time_frame--duration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule.recurring.dynamic.time_frame.duration`

Read-Only:

- `for_over` (Number) The number of time units to wait before the alert is triggered. For example, if the frequency is set to `hours` and the value is set to `2`, the alert will be triggered after 2 hours.
- `frequency` (String) The time unit to wait before the alert is triggered. Can be `minutes`, `hours` or `days`.
