---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "coralogix_events2metric Data Source - terraform-provider-coralogix"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# coralogix_events2metric (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) Events2Metric description.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `logs_query` (List of Object) logs-events2metric type. Exactly one of "spans_query" or "logs_query" should be defined. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logs_query))
- `metric_fields` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metric_fields))
- `metric_labels` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metric_labels))
- `name` (String) Events2Metric name. Log2Metric names have to be unique per account.
- `permutations` (List of Object) defines the permutations' info of the events2metric. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--permutations))
- `spans_query` (List of Object) spans-events2metric type. Exactly one of "spans_query" or "logs_query" should be defined. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spans_query))

<a id="nestedatt--logs_query"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logs_query`

Read-Only:

- `applications` (Set of String)
- `lucene` (String)
- `severities` (Set of String)
- `subsystems` (Set of String)


<a id="nestedatt--metric_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metric_fields`

Read-Only:

- `source_field` (String)
- `target_base_metric_name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--metric_labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metric_labels`

Read-Only:

- `source_field` (String)
- `target_label` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--permutations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permutations`

Read-Only:

- `has_exceed_limit` (Boolean)
- `limit` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--spans_query"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spans_query`

Read-Only:

- `actions` (Set of String)
- `applications` (Set of String)
- `lucene` (String)
- `services` (Set of String)
- `subsystems` (Set of String)


