---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "coralogix_slo Data Source - terraform-provider-coralogix"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Coralogix SLO.
---

# coralogix_slo (Data Source)

Use this data source to obtain the necessary fields to set up Coralogix Service Level Objectives (SLOs). 
Data about individual SLOs can be retrieved by providing the specific SLO `id`.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "coralogix_slo" "example" {
  id = "example-id"
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) SLO ID.

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) Optional SLO description.
- `filters` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filters))
- `name` (String) SLO name.
- `period` (String) Period. This is the period of the SLO. Valid values are: ["30_days" "unspecified" "7_days" "14_days"]
- `remaining_error_budget_percentage` (Number)
- `service_name` (String) Service name. This is the name of the service that the SLO is associated with.
- `status` (String)
- `target_percentage` (Number) Target percentage. This is the target percentage of the SLO.
- `threshold_microseconds` (Number) Threshold in microseconds. Required when `type` is `latency`.
- `threshold_symbol_type` (String) Threshold symbol type. Required when `type` is `latency`. Valid values are: ["greater" "greater_or_equal" "less" "less_or_equal" "equal"]
- `type` (String) Type. This is the type of the SLO. Valid values are: "error", "latency".

<a id="nestedatt--filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filters`

Read-Only:

- `compare_type` (String) Compare type. This is the compare type of the SLO. Valid values are: ["starts_with" "ends_with" "includes" "unspecified" "is"]
- `field` (String)
- `field_values` (Set of String)
