---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "coralogix_tco_policies_traces Data Source - terraform-provider-coralogix"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Coralogix TCO-Policies-List. For more information - https://coralogix.com/docs/tco-optimizer-api.
---

# coralogix_tco_policies_traces (Data Source)

Coralogix TCO-Policies-List. For more information - https://coralogix.com/docs/tco-optimizer-api.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "coralogix_tco_policies_traces" "tco_policies_data" {
  depends_on = [coralogix_tco_policies_traces.tco_policies]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) This field can be ignored
- `policies` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies))

<a id="nestedatt--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies`

Read-Only:

- `actions` (Attributes) The actions to apply the policy on. Applies the policy on all the actions by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--actions))
- `applications` (Attributes) The applications to apply the policy on. Applies the policy on all the applications by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--applications))
- `archive_retention_id` (String) Allowing logs with a specific retention to be tagged.
- `description` (String) The policy description
- `enabled` (Boolean) Determines weather the policy will be enabled. True by default.
- `id` (String) tco-policy ID.
- `name` (String) tco-policy name.
- `order` (Number) The policy's order between the other policies.
- `priority` (String) Legacy policy-level priority. Required when `targets` is not set. Can be one of ["block" "high" "low" "medium"].
- `services` (Attributes) The services to apply the policy on. Applies the policy on all the services by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--services))
- `subsystems` (Attributes) The subsystems to apply the policy on. Applies the policy on all the subsystems by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--subsystems))
- `tags` (Attributes Map) The tags to apply the policy on. Applies the policy on all the tags by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--tags))
- `targets` (Attributes List) Target-level routing destinations for this policy. When set, legacy top-level priority and archive_retention_id must not be set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--targets))

<a id="nestedatt--policies--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.actions`

Read-Only:

- `names` (Set of String)
- `rule_type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--policies--applications"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.applications`

Read-Only:

- `names` (Set of String)
- `rule_type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--policies--services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.services`

Read-Only:

- `names` (Set of String)
- `rule_type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--policies--subsystems"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.subsystems`

Read-Only:

- `names` (Set of String)
- `rule_type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--policies--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.tags`

Read-Only:

- `names` (Set of String)
- `rule_type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--policies--targets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.targets`

Read-Only:

- `archive_retention_id` (String) Allowing traces routed to this target to be tagged with a specific retention.
- `dataset` (String) The dataset routed by this target.
- `dataspace` (String) The dataspace routed by this target.
- `priority` (String) The target priority. Can be one of ["block" "high" "low" "medium"].
