---

# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs

page_title: "coralogix_grafana_dashboard Resource - terraform-provider-coralogix"
subcategory: ""
description: "Hosted grafana dashboard.
* Official documentation https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/dashboards/
* HTTP API https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/http_api/dashboard/"
---

# coralogix_grafana_dashboard (Resource)

Hosted grafana dashboard.
* [Official documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/dashboards/)
* [HTTP API](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/http_api/dashboard/)

## Example Usage
```hcl
    resource "coralogix_grafana_dashboard" dashboard {
  config_json = file("./hosted_dashboard.json")
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Schema

### Required

- `config_json` (String) The complete dashboard model JSON.

### Optional

- `folder` (String) The id of the folder to save the dashboard in. This attribute is a string to reflect the type of the
  folder's id.
- `message` (String) Set a commit message for the version history.
- `overwrite` (Boolean) Set to true if you want to overwrite existing dashboard with newer version, same dashboard title
  in folder or same dashboard uid.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `dashboard_id` (Number) The numeric ID of the dashboard computed by Grafana.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `uid` (String) The unique identifier of a dashboard. This is used to construct its URL. It's automatically generated
  if not provided when creating a dashboard. The uid allows having consistent URLs for accessing dashboards and when
  syncing dashboards between multiple Grafana installs.
- `url` (String) The full URL of the dashboard.
- `version` (Number) Whenever you save a version of your dashboard, a copy of that version is saved so that previous
  versions of your dashboard are not lost.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


