---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "coralogix_hosted_dashboard Resource - terraform-provider-coralogix"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Hosted dashboard. Can be one of - ["grafana"].
---

# coralogix_hosted_dashboard (Resource)

Hosted dashboard. Can be one of - ["grafana"].



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `grafana` (Block List, Max: 1) Hosted grafana dashboard.
			* [Official documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/dashboards/)
			* [HTTP API](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/http_api/dashboard/) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--grafana))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--grafana"></a>
### Nested Schema for `grafana`

Required:

- `config_json` (String) The complete dashboard model JSON.

Optional:

- `folder` (String) The id or UID of the folder to save the dashboard in.
- `message` (String) Set a commit message for the version history.
- `overwrite` (Boolean) Set to true if you want to overwrite existing dashboard with newer version, same dashboard title in folder or same dashboard uid.

Read-Only:

- `dashboard_id` (Number) The numeric ID of the dashboard computed by Grafana.
- `uid` (String) The unique identifier of a dashboard. This is used to construct its URL. It's automatically generated if not provided when creating a dashboard. The uid allows having consistent URLs for accessing dashboards and when syncing dashboards between multiple Grafana installs.
- `url` (String) The full URL of the dashboard.
- `version` (Number) Whenever you save a version of your dashboard, a copy of that version is saved so that previous versions of your dashboard are not lost.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)
