---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "coralogix_logs2metric Resource - coralogix"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# coralogix_logs2metric (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Log2Metric name. Log2Metric names have to be unique per account.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Log2Metric description.
- `metric_fields` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metric_fields))
- `metric_labels` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metric_labels))
- `permutations` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permutations))
- `query` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--query))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--metric_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metric_fields`

Required:

- `source_field` (String)
- `target_base_metric_name` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--metric_labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metric_labels`

Required:

- `source_field` (String)
- `target_label` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--permutations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permutations`

Required:

- `limit` (Number)

Read-Only:

- `has_exceed_limit` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedblock--query"></a>
### Nested Schema for `query`

Optional:

- `applications` (List of String) An array that contains log’s application names that we want to be alerted on.
- `lucene` (String) The search_query that we wanted to be notified on.
- `severities` (List of String) An array of severities that we interested in. Can be one of ["Debug" "Verbose" "Info" "Warning" "Error" "Critical"]
- `subsystems` (List of String) An array that contains log’s subsystem names that we want to be notified on.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


