---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "coralogix_recording_rules_groups_set Resource - terraform-provider-coralogix"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Coralogix recording-rules-groups-set. For more information - https://coralogix.com/docs/recording-rules/.
---

# coralogix_recording_rules_groups_set (Resource)

Coralogix recording-rules-groups-set. For more information - https://coralogix.com/docs/recording-rules/.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `group` (Block Set) An option to define recording-rule-groups explicitly. Will be computed in a case of importing by yaml_content. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--group))
- `name` (String) recording-rule-groups-set name. Optional in a case of defining the recording-rule-groups ('group') explicitly, and computed in a case of importing by yaml_content
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `yaml_content` (String) An option to import recording-rule-group-set from yaml file.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `group`

Required:

- `interval` (Number) How often rules in the group are evaluated (in seconds).
- `name` (String) The rule-group name. Have to be unique.
- `rule` (Block List, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--group--rule))

Optional:

- `limit` (Number) Limit the number of alerts an alerting rule and series a recording-rule can produce. 0 is no limit.

<a id="nestedblock--group--rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `group.rule`

Required:

- `expr` (String) The PromQL expression to evaluate. Every evaluation cycle this is evaluated at the current time, and the result recorded as a new set of time series with the metric name as given by 'record'.
- `record` (String) The name of the time series to output to. Must be a valid metric name.

Optional:

- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to add or overwrite before storing the result.



<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


