---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "coralogix_tco_policy_logs Resource - terraform-provider-coralogix"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Coralogix TCO-Policy. For more information - https://coralogix.com/docs/tco-optimizer-api .Please note that this resource is deprecated. Please use coralogix_tco_policies_logs instead.
---

# coralogix_tco_policy_logs (Resource)

Coralogix TCO-Policy. For more information - https://coralogix.com/docs/tco-optimizer-api .Please note that this resource is deprecated. Please use `coralogix_tco_policies_logs` instead.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) tco-policy name.
- `order` (Number) Determines the policy's order between the other policies.
- `priority` (String) The policy priority. Can be one of ["block" "high" "low" "medium"].

### Optional

- `applications` (Attributes) The applications to apply the policy on. Applies the policy on all the applications by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--applications))
- `archive_retention_id` (String) Allowing logs with a specific retention to be tagged.
- `description` (String) The policy description
- `enabled` (Boolean) Determines weather the policy will be enabled. True by default.
- `severities` (Set of String) The severities to apply the policy on. Can be few of ["critical" "debug" "verbose" "info" "warning" "error"].
- `subsystems` (Attributes) The subsystems to apply the policy on. Applies the policy on all the subsystems by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsystems))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) tco-policy ID.

<a id="nestedatt--applications"></a>
### Nested Schema for `applications`

Required:

- `names` (Set of String)

Optional:

- `rule_type` (String) The rule type. Can be one of ["is_not" "starts_with" "includes" "is"].


<a id="nestedatt--subsystems"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsystems`

Required:

- `names` (Set of String)

Optional:

- `rule_type` (String)
