---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "coralogix_tco_policies_logs Resource - terraform-provider-coralogix"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Coralogix TCO-Policies-List. For more information - https://coralogix.com/docs/tco-optimizer-api .
---

# coralogix_tco_policies_logs (Resource)

Coralogix TCO-Policies-List. For more information - https://coralogix.com/docs/tco-optimizer-api .



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `policies` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) This field can be ignored

<a id="nestedatt--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies`

Required:

- `name` (String) tco-policy name.
- `priority` (String) The policy priority. Can be one of ["block" "high" "low" "medium"].

Optional:

- `applications` (Attributes) The applications to apply the policy on. Applies the policy on all the applications by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--applications))
- `archive_retention_id` (String) Allowing logs with a specific retention to be tagged.
- `description` (String) The policy description
- `enabled` (Boolean) Determines weather the policy will be enabled. True by default.
- `severities` (Set of String) The severities to apply the policy on. Can be few of ["critical" "debug" "verbose" "info" "warning" "error"].
- `subsystems` (Attributes) The subsystems to apply the policy on. Applies the policy on all the subsystems by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--subsystems))

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) tco-policy ID.
- `order` (Number) The policy's order between the other policies.

<a id="nestedatt--policies--applications"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.applications`

Required:

- `names` (Set of String)

Optional:

- `rule_type` (String) The rule type. Can be one of ["is_not" "starts_with" "includes" "is"].


<a id="nestedatt--policies--subsystems"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.subsystems`

Required:

- `names` (Set of String)

Optional:

- `rule_type` (String)
