---

# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs

page_title: "coralogix_tco_policy Resource - terraform-provider-coralogix"
subcategory: ""
description: "Coralogix TCO-Policy. For more information - https://coralogix.com/docs/tco-optimizer-api ."
---

# coralogix_tco_policy (Resource)

Coralogix TCO-Policy. For more information - https://coralogix.com/docs/tco-optimizer-api .

**Please note** - [Policies order issue](https://github.com/coralogix/terraform-provider-coralogix/issues/114)
## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "coralogix_tco_policy" "tco_policy" {
  name       = "Example tco_policy from terraform"
  priority   = "medium"
  order      = 1
  severities = ["debug", "verbose", "info"]
  application_name {
    starts_with = true
    rule        = "prod"
  }
  subsystem_name {
    is    = true
    rules = ["mobile", "web"]
  }
  archive_retention_id = "e1c980d0-c910-4c54-8326-67f3cf95645a"
}

resource "coralogix_tco_policy" "tco_policy_2" {
  name     = "Example tco_policy from terraform 2"
  priority = "high"

  order    = 2
  severities = ["error", "warning", "critical"]
  application_name {
    starts_with = true
    rule        = "prod"
  }
  subsystem_name {
    is    = true
    rules = ["mobile", "web"]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The policy name. Have to be unique per policy.
- `order` (Number) Determines the policy's order between the other policies. Currently, will be computed by creation order.
- `priority` (String) The policy priority. Can be one of ["high" "medium" "low" "block"].
- `severities` (Set of String) The severities to apply the policy on. Can be few of ["warning" "error" "critical" "debug" "verbose" "info"].

### Optional

- `application_name` (Block List, Max: 1) The applications to apply the policy on. Applies the policy on all the applications by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--application_name))
- `archive_retention_id` (String) Allowing logs with a specific retention to be tagged.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Determines weather the policy will be enabled. True by default.
- `subsystem_name` (Block List, Max: 1) The subsystems to apply the policy on. Applies the policy on all the subsystems by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--subsystem_name))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--application_name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `application_name`

Optional:

- `includes` (Boolean) Determines the filter's type. One of is/is_not/starts_with/includes have to be set.
- `is` (Boolean) Determines the filter's type. One of is/is_not/starts_with/includes have to be set.
- `is_not` (Boolean) Determines the filter's type. One of is/is_not/starts_with/includes have to be set.
- `rule` (String) Single rule to apply the filter on. In case of start_with=true/includes=true replace to 'rule' (single string).
- `rules` (Set of String) Set of rules to apply the filter on. In case of is=true/is_not=true replace to 'rules' (set of strings).
- `starts_with` (Boolean) Determines the filter's type. One of is/is_not/starts_with/includes have to be set.


<a id="nestedblock--subsystem_name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsystem_name`

Optional:

- `includes` (Boolean) Determines the filter's type. One of is/is_not/starts_with/includes have to be set.
- `is` (Boolean) Determines the filter's type. One of is/is_not/starts_with/includes have to be set.
- `is_not` (Boolean) Determines the filter's type. One of is/is_not/starts_with/includes have to be set.
- `rule` (String) Single rule to apply the filter on. In case of start_with=true/includes=true replace to 'rule' (single string).
- `rules` (Set of String) Set of rules to apply the filter on. In case of is=true/is_not=true replace to 'rules' (set of strings).
- `starts_with` (Boolean) Determines the filter's type. One of is/is_not/starts_with/includes have to be set.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


